Adding note for values of DisableEnterpriseAuthProxy #2232 (#3822)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/deployment/upgrade/upgrade-readiness-data-sharing.md

- Set the reg key HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Windows\DataCollection\DisableEnterpriseAuthProxy to 0. If the value does not exist, create a new DWORD, name it DisableEnterpriseAuthProxy and set the value to 0. The deployment script will check this is configured correctly.
- Set ClientProxy=User in bat.

>[!IMPORTANT]

> > Using **Logged-in user's internet connection** with **DisableEnterpriseAuthProxy = 0** scenario is incompatible with ATP where the required value of that attribute is 1.(Read more here)[https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/security/threat-protection/windows-defender-atp/configure-proxy-internet-windows-defender-advanced-threat-protection]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Using the **Logged-in user's internet connection** with **DisableEnterpriseAuthProxy = 0** scenario is incompatible with ATP, where the required value of that attribute is 1. Read more about  [machine proxy and Internet connectivity settings](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/security/threat-protection/windows-defender-atp/configure-proxy-internet-windows-defender-advanced-threat-protection).
```

Reviewer 2: Agree.

Reviewer 3: 👍 I concur as well.

@j0rt3g4 : Please note that when adding or modifying MarkDown code containing URL links, the readable text is surrounded by square brackets `[ ]`, whereas the URL itself is surrounded by parentheses `( )`.
